You said that you just in-laws,
Why should I take the files?
I have a light attitude toward no appointment,
I'm not too polite, am I?
I was originally focused on such a big thing.
Since there is no watch to avoid the party, it is a pity.
Don't worry, don't offend my father,
Sorry, he can't come back hiding,
I'm back.
You, you really missed it.
My father, there is really no way you can talk so loudly.
No, he doesn't have the strength yet.
Hey, when you are little, don’t forget about my in-laws.
Kill you. Don't believe it
He just nodded in front of me
I have to kneel down to you and beg you for trouble.
How dare you speak loudly here?
Do you want to kill our Chu family?
Give me the Chu family
Give me the Chu family’s mother, please me
Don't play with brother-in-law Chu
I asked I said
I'm with you, little girl
I know you have always been right for me
I am no longer your brother-in-law
So they will treat you in the future
Nonsense
You don’t have to worry too much
Can't find me
Go to the Chu family
No answer